Okay, so here's the slide we're at, in
case you're keeping score, now we're just
going to go through and start doing this
code demonstration of how to do this.
So, the next couple of slides
actually just talk about doing this.
So, instead of going through the slides,
I'm just going to show you in our studio.
It's worth noting that we actually
practice what we preach, and
here is our slides for
this class written in R Markdown.
But, so here is the RMD file for
the class, but
we're going to follow through the notes
and create a new presentation.
So look what it says, it says,
File> New File> R Markdown.
Okay, so you could just do that by Alt+F
> F > R Markdown, that is M.
And then look here,
I'm going to click on Presentation Title.
I'm going to call it My Fancy Presentation
and the Author is me.
And then you have different outputs.
So this has a different
presentation style.
I'm just going to stick with
ioslides right now, okay?
And then if you want PDF this requires,
we'll go through this later, but
it requires MiKTeX being setup
on Windows which is a variant.
MacTeX on OS X, and then TeX Live or
something like that on Linux.
So each of these is pretty easy to
install, but they tend to be kind of big.
We'll cover that later on in the lecture.
So right now let's just stick with
the default, which is ioslides,
kind of a format that
was created I think from
one of these Google
presentations at one point.
Okay, so there you see it's Untitled1, and
that's the name of the file that
contains the R Markdown commands.
But right now,
we're just going to compile it once,
and see what it looks like.
So if you click here and
say Knit the current document, or
it also gives you the command
Ctrl+Shift+K, there we go.
R_Markdown, let me name
it a separate R_Markdown,
I'll name it briansSlides, okay?
There its goes.
It runs it, and there it is.
My Fancy Presentation.
Okay.
So homework number one, just go through
this, create a new presentation,
a new template presentation,
compile it once and
then let's move on from there and
fill it up with some content.